In this video you're going to learn a process to do market research that will really help you to build
apps that are going to be massively successful or learn how to be a very successful marketer.
So the first thing you want to do is go ahead and open the app store.
Now I am on a iPhone going to open up the Apple App Store.
But you can essentially go through this process on the Google Play store as well and you can even do
the Google Play Store one on a desktop as well.
So what you want to do then is come across two top charts and you can see paid free and top grossing
apps.
And essentially what you want to do is go through each of these On-Star to really understand these different
apps in here.
Now the success of any business is going to be dependent on your understanding of the marketplace and
really for the business you need to come into the app store to do that.
But I think you'd really be shocked at the amount of developers that I've talked to who never even come
in to the App Store to understand where is their demand.
Water the apps that are selling what are the top apps and how are they marketing their apps how they
laid out there their screenshots their headlines everything in here.
All of the information is really in here in the App Store that you need to be successful.
So instead of trying to come up with a concept and know where you really want to try and see what are
the apps that are selling Where is there demand and maybe create an app and put your own twist on something
that this clearly already demand for.
So I would recommend you start at the paid cad page charts here and really start to ask yourself why
is this op so successful.
Why is it ranking here and being so consistent and if you come in on a regular basis you're going to
see water the top up again and again and again.
Why do people like this up.
So if we come then for example lets have a look at this one.
Well if you come to reviews you can really see why.
Why do they like it so much why is this fun to them.
What is the aspect of this app that makes it so popular.
You'll also see some people saying you know give it a four star three star review.
So that is a real clue for about what's missing.
You need at least four people to play.
So could you create a version of this app where people can play against each other or that people can
play against a computer or something like that.
So in each of these reviews there's going to be opportunities for you to see how you could improve this
app and really understand at the same time what is it about this that really engages people so much
and you could take some of those concepts and apply it to your app even if it's not exactly the same
as this.
But by coming in reading the reviews understanding you are really going to understand the marketplace
which you can also do is go ahead and buy the app download it while it was the process like did you
become a raving fan after trying it.
Will the customer use it again.
You can come in and see how are they marketing to their customers.
You know what the Screen shots are in here.
Is there a video in here.
What is the icon design like.
What is the competitive advantage of this sap.
What does this app costs in terms of its pricing.
So all of this information is here in the App Store and you can just go and through these.
And I would if you are serious about the business you should be doing this on a daily basis because
the more you do the more you under stand the marketplace and the more that you see the opportunities
most casual developers will not do this and that gives you serious advantage if you understand the marketplace.
So I would start with the top paid apps and then come across to the free apps and go down and do the
same thing as well.
Now a lot of these are not going to build like a watts per Spotify.
So come down and have a look at these apps which of these apps could you potentially build.
Which ones are built by independent developers.
Nowhere's there's serious demand because these ones are going to really show you then I would recommend
you come across to top grossing ops and again go to N3 that the same press a lot of these top tops is
no way you're going to develop something that big but you want to come down and see you know where else
have there been.
If these are the top grossing us who were developing this perfect pitch my fitness.
That's quite a big one.
Nomy fun tests on astrology.
I mean these test stops seem to do incredibly well.
These seem to be that seems to be developed by an individual person and it's in the top grossing apps.
I mean that is pretty interesting to me.
And you can get all sorts of information here.
Look at the reviews again and even come across and look at the related apps if you want to dig a little
bit deeper and see what else customers are buying.
So this is great to know as well.
This is one of the top grossing apps and people are buying similar apps to this.
Well then you can come in and mind the data once again and say well could I create a lap top and maybe
this one is too competitive.
The no me test and astrology whatever but maybe some of these other competing apps that people are buying.
You could do a better version of that.
Now once you've gone through the paid the free and the top grossing apps you can also come down into
individual categories and see you can dig deeper once again and essentially go through the same process.
So if we come into a lifestyle for example we can do top grossing paid free and just continue the process
going deeper and deeper and really understanding the marketplace.
So it seems like a fairly simple process a fairly obvious thing to do but really I think you'll be shocked
at how many developers and marketers don't do this seriously enough.
Really all of the information is in here.
In terms of water where there's demand for ops and really how you should market it.
And I would recommend you do this almost on a daily basis.
The more familiar you are with the marketplace the more success you will have with your business.